Update docs/installing.md: add "Create your user account" section before "Finalize the installation" (#3789)
spantaleev/matrix-docker-ansible-deploy: docs/installing.md

## Create your user account

ℹ️ *You can skip this step if you have installed a server and imported old data to it.*

As you have configured your brand new server and the client, you need to **create your user account** on your Matrix server.

After creating the user account, you can log in to it with [Element Web](configuring-playbook-client-element-web.md) that this playbook has installed for you at this URL: `https://element.example.com/`.

To register a user via this Ansible playbook, run the command below on your local computer.

**Notes**:
- Before running it, make sure to edit `YOUR_USERNAME_HERE` and `YOUR_PASSWORD_HERE`
- In the command below, `YOUR_USERNAME_HERE` is just a plain username (like `john`), not your full `@user:example.com` identifier

```sh
ansible-playbook -i inventory/hosts setup.yml --extra-vars='username=YOUR_USERNAME_HERE password=YOUR_PASSWORD_HERE admin=<yes|no>' --tags=register-user

# Example: `ansible-playbook -i inventory/hosts setup.yml --extra-vars='username=john password=secret-password admin=yes' --tags=register-user`
```

For more information, see the documentation for [registering users](registering-users.md).

## Finalize the installation

> Now you've configured Matrix services and your user account, you need to **finalize the installation process** by [delegating (redirecting) the server](howto-server-delegation.md) to your base domain (`example.com`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now you've configured Matrix services and your user account, you need to **finalize the installation process** by  [setting up Matrix delegation (redirection)](howto-server-delegation.md), so that your Matrix server (`matrix.example.com`) can present itself as the base domain (`example.com`) in the Matrix network.
```

Your original sentence ("delegating the server to the base domain") is kind of misleading, I think.

I've also tried to avoid using words that may indicate that "the base domain is redirected to the Matrix server", because people may think they need to redirect all of `example.com` to `matrix.example.com` or something, whereas in reality they only need to set up a few file redirects (or a DNS SRV record).

Author: The word `delegation` is really a technical term, and I indeed did not quite get it right when I was translating the word. I would say the term deserves an FAQ entry ("People are talking about 'delegation', but what is it?")
